Noah: "Interesting morning?"

Allie: "Yeah...Lon's here in town."

Noah: "..He's here?"

Allie: "Yeah, we saw his car on the way..at the hotel."

Noah: "Huh...I see you got my letters.." (Allie nods) "Finally."

Noah: "...What are you gonna do Al?"

Allie: "..I don't know.."

Noah: "We're back to that? Are we back there? What about the past couple of days? They happened you know."

Allie: "I know that they happened, and the were wonderful. But they were also very irresponsible." (Noah gets up angrily, overturning a chair)  "I have a fiance waiting for me at a hotel whos gonna be crushed when he finds out what I did!"

Noah: "So you make love to me, and then you go back to your husband? Was that your plan? Was that a test that I didn't pass?"

Allie: "No! I made a promise to a man.  He gave me a ring and I gave him my word."

Noah: "And your word is shot to hell now, dontcha think?"

Allie: "I don't know-I don't know. I'll find out when I talk to him."

Noah: "This is not about keeping your promise, and its not about following your heart. It's about security."

Allie: "What is that supposed to mean?"

Noah: "Money!"
 
Allie: "What are you talki-"

Noah: "He's got alot of money!"

Allie: "Now I hate you, you smug bastard!" 

Noah: "Well I hate you. If you leave here, I hate you."

Allie: "Wha-haven't you been paying attention to anything thats been happening these past few days?"

Noah: "I guess not, I guess I must have misread all those signals."

Allie: "Yeah I guess you did."

(Allie starts to walk away and Noah shouts after her)

Noah: "You're bored! You're bored and you know it. You wouldn't be here if there wasn't something missing."

Allie: "You arrogant son of a bitch."

Noah: "Would you just stay with me?"

Allie: "Stay with you? What for? Look at us, we're already fighting!"

Noah: "Well that's what we do! We fight! You tell me when I'm being an arrogant son of a bitch, and I tell you when you're being a pain in the ass! Which you are, 99% of the time. I'm not afraid to hurt your feelings.  They have like a two-second rebound rate and your back doing the next pain in the ass thing."

Allie: "So what?"

Noah: "So it's not gonna be easy. It's gonna be really hard, and we're gonna have to work at this every day but I wanna do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever. You and me, every day.  Will you do something for me? Please? Will you just picture your life for me, 30 years from now, 40 years from now? Whats it look like? If it's with that guy, go. Go! I lost you once, I think I could do it again. If I thought it's what you really wanted. But don't you take the easy way out."

Allie: "What easy way? There is no easy way! No matter what I do, somebody gets hurt!"

Noah: "Would you stop thinking about what everyone wants? Stop thinking about what I want, what he wants, what your parents want. What do you want?" (Allie shakes her head) "What do you want?"

Allie: "It's not that simple-"

Noah: "What do you want? Goddammit, what do you want?!"

Allie: "...I have to go."